[pain] oh god...
[Both screaming]
I am pointing at the fact that you are behind schedule, Dr. Demo.
I cannot believe.
I will report this unacceptable behavior to the administration right this instant.
Bottom and breasts.
Very Good.
Hold up I am calling The DeviantArt.com, Inc. CEO
Accept my love.
[Writting on paper]
ME?
I love you man! (it's not true , read the paper)
OH, that smarts.
MOVE IT!!!
ok.
oooooooooooo I'm drunk.
Ouch, I'm dizzy.
OH?
Aww ...
loud
Drink.
COME ON! Drink!
Piece of crap, DRINK!
Oh shit!
I want to die.
No suit, bro.
OO0oo0OOo..
FUCKYOU, BROOOO
UCKYOU, BROOOOO
CKYOU, BROOOOOO
KYOU, BROOOOOOO
U, BROOOOOOOOOO
Be right back, love ya.
BLOODY TIE!!!
oooooo, pretty suit!
so fucking hilarious
wait, wot?
Hey, Honey ?
𝓦𝓱𝓪𝓽?
Where's my super suit?
𝓦𝓱𝓪𝓪𝓪𝓽?
🆆🅷🅴🆁🅴'🆂 🅼🆈 🆂🆄🅿🅴🆁 🆂🆄🅸🆃?
𝓘... 𝓪𝓱𝓶... 𝓹𝓾𝓽 𝓲𝓽 𝓪𝔀𝓪𝔂!
🆆🅷🅴🆁🅴?
𝓦𝓱𝔂 𝓭𝓸 𝔂𝓸𝓾 𝓷𝓮𝓮𝓭 𝓽𝓸 𝓴𝓷𝓸𝔀 ?
🅸 🅽🅴🅴🅳 🅸🆃!!!
𝓝𝓪𝓱 𝓪𝓱. 𝓓𝓸𝓷'𝓽 𝔂𝓸𝓾 𝓽𝓱𝓲𝓷𝓴 𝓪𝓫𝓸𝓾𝓽 𝓻𝓾𝓷𝓷𝓲𝓷𝓰 𝓸𝓯𝓯 𝓽𝓸 𝓭𝓸𝓲𝓷𝓰 𝓽𝓱𝓸𝓼𝓮 𝓭𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓷𝓰 𝓭𝓸'𝓼, 𝔀𝓮'𝓿𝓮 𝓫-
🅿🅻🅴🅰🆂🅴 🅲🅴🅰🆂🅴 🆈🅾🆄🆁 🅿🆁🅰🆃🆃🅻🅴🆂, 🅹🅰🅺🅴🆈!
[mumbling]
Hey, thanks!
Woptie Doo
It's Bloody IMPOSSIBLE!
YES!
AYE!?
mmmMMMMMmmmm....
HELL YES!
Bro!
Brother!
Heeeyy!!
Conga, Conga, Conga!
FREEDOM!!!!
Let's DANCE!
[laughs in success]
Nice.
[Gibberish]
WOT?!
It was open ALL along.
Ye BITCH!
[LADS,]
[He turned himself into a pickle!]
[oh brilliant!]
[So bloody funny!]
Oh, 'tis a dark day.
OH, That's gay...
Bloody Brillant!
Of COURSE!
[sobbing]
-to ya ... i'm going with YOUR tickets, haha.
DEMO!
HEY!
Alright, Listen!
Look at this.
[mumbling]
That rock is full of MAGIIC!
[gibberish]
Pretty little thing ...
...Not you.
So bloody PURE!
[Slurred] Gonna take down and
GET TO THE CART!
[Slurred] ...and PUSH!
... Both of ya .. [Slurred]
What do you think, eh?
Wha-?
I don't like thi-
Don't worry, it's just for show.
...WOT
Argh. My head.
Ah, losers!
OHHH I'm NOT ready for this...
If you're ready, I'm ready.
[waking up]...Eh... wha-
Do not worry lads! you got a bloody Demoman...
GO! PUSH!
GET TO THE CART!
Gonna kill you-
[Crying in absolute failure]
[disappointed]
-YOU ONE-EYED-
[passed out but still upset]
Alright!
LET'S DO THIS!
I've got a good feeling about this.
It's on like...
WOOOOH!
It deserves a promotion!
[visibly disagreeing with this statement]
-my beautiful horn!!!
Wait, What?!
What is happenin' ?
[confused]
YO FUCKED UP!
Haha, I'm BACK!
What did I miss?
Oh...
Eh, whatever.
[BIG SLURP]